they were gonna take a look at Sideshow
Collectibles star wars honor the Jedi
mace windu Jedi Master comes in the
usual sideshow box on front you can see
mess there and in his holographic farm
on this side picture of the figure on
the back we've got scenes from the movie
as the figure again but the glowing
lightsaber which does it do that
properly
Darth Maul get faster qui-gon jinn and
as usual on this end we've got the
magnetic opener and there you can see
the figure in the box this one actually
comes with a clock pact behind him which
means it's all creased when you open it
suffers accessories we get the usual
style stand we've got two hands we've
got two lights servers we've got a stump
and we've got the two lights over
health's we've got the Jedi communicator
the holler projector now interestingly
on the box it says July food capsules
but we get an aqua breather so I'm not
sure what that's all about
so mace windu comes with two lights that
helps this time we get one for the lucky
I didn't episode one and another one
there replicates the Serb we had in
episodes 2 & 3 this would be the episode
1 version this is the unlit hilt and he
say it's quite a nice design quite shiny
but some buttons got the usual hoxsey
can attach it to his belt and this is
the lightsaber help we saw in episode 2
and 3 totally different to the other one
a little bit more design going on there
a little bit more unique
so although we don't see him use it in
the film he comes with this Jedi aqua
breather thing which does nothing but so
I sit around you can't fit it on his
head it's too small to hold in his hands
and we also get this little Jedi
communicator thing which if anyone
collected the episode one ties you'll
remember this is the contact reader it's
getting they're kind of small now on the
accessories bit too small to hold in his
hand and we also get this little that
holla projector and this is by far the
tiniest accessory and on the other side
it's got this sort of cloggy stuff that
lets you stick it to his hand but this
is absolutely tiny he also comes with
some extra hands this one would be a
right-handed pistol
rip but you don't get a pistol so you
don't really need this hand and we get a
spare left hand which is a fast gesture
hand and I'm quite good but I want to
use the two lightsabers on this guy so I
won't be using this so if you want to
create that brief moment where a mess
loses his hand then you can use this
this is a stump that fits on instead of
a spare hand it's got some detail on it
but it doesn't look fantastic and it's
quite small and fiddly and by far the
best accessories were getting this set
other two lightsabers powerful blades
one for Episode one one four episodes
two and three or if like me you want to
make him wheel to light sabers then this
is great for that so this is the figure
as he comes out with the box he doesn't
have the big clock which I'll show you
at the end it's nothing fantastic and
but this figure is pretty good without
so we don't need to worry about that for
now as I say comes with the usual
satchel stand justice die was on it and
we've got rather Errol Flynn looking
black boots he's got some baggy trousers
he's got one of those clocks that's all
layered and he's got the like beige
colored vest he's got a fantastic
working belt and a rather excellent head
sculpt so start at the top and it is an
excellent likeness of samuel l.jackson
he's looking very moody though he's got
some brilliant looking eyes do look a
little bit um a bit wonky from the front
but that's only if he's staring right at
you and the side profile looks excellent
I'm wondering if the like there's a
scanned his face in for this because
this is really accurate obviously they
couldn't do that with a vintage trilogy
figures yes the vault got older going
all the way around there's no hair scope
to worry about cause he's bald so that's
fantastic yep just around excellent fair
sculpt so moving down a little we've got
this nice tunic thing um it is made of
con and it does snug very easily out of
the box that I've got some snug it on
there already so that's something that
we careful of are lots of layers on this
looks pretty good when it's basic
barring Jedi colors but oh no it's
pretty much what we saw in screen he
does have this tunic underneath but I'm
not gonna be moving that about too much
so let's take a closer look at the belt
then I got these little pens wax crayons
I guess in there probably the food caps
yours or something and he's got this
little pouch thing which does often but
I'm not gonna do that and it does unclip
at the back not sure where this belt
fastened exactly so I've no intention of
removing it cos sir after my experience
for Luke Skywalker I won't be doing that
again go second one of these opening
pouches got the little clip so you can
attach the lights over health now my
background with the front with this tiny
little buckle so movin down again we can
see he's got the big baggy pants just
like Errol Flynn and he's got some boots
that look like pirate boats I don't like
these there's not a lot of texture on
them parent wires or anything they're
just black but they do worth they are
quite nicely sculpted you would think of
a figure of this quality though that
would actually have silver buckles on
but never mind maybe it would stand out
or make him look a bit silly something
that is good on this figure and it's
just by pure fluke of the color of his
skin it's really hard to see the joints
on there
unlike the Han Solo on so you don't have
to worry too much about moving his arms
around plus he's got nice buggy yes
leaves there so we can give this guy a
lightsaber and this is episode one one I
found the easiest way actually is to
slightly upwards through the hand that
way then you're not putting any pressure
on but you don't want to be they'll hold
that quite nicely in there so that's the
episode one look but as he comes with -
I think it won't be a travesty not to
use both of them at the same time so
that's giving me another sober so if I
had room to display and which I don't
this is how I'd probably do it with the
tea light service it just looks really
really cool so we also got this clock to
go on him and this thing is huge it's
really really thick material and he
hangs on him like you know the small
figures when you put a clock on them and
it doesn't quite sit right it just it's
like that to me this hood is ridiculous
it's far
far too big he's got these giant slaves
you need to keep the light servers in
his hands just to stop that flopping
over so you can't see anything but he
looks okay like that well the problem
starts when you bring up the hood I mean
it's just too big so that is such a
collectables mess when do what do I
think well he's great apart from his
clock I can't fault him really and I
love the fact that you get to light
service because if you're gonna be
special and have a purple light so you
might as well have two purple light
servers and he just like the far better
way to so this has been Luke with mace
windu thanks for watching I'll see you
next time